In this section, I describe facts based on my observations during my many purchases in supermarkets. I see that my daily basket is made up of items that I buy in different stores on a "shopping trip". I find that my ideal basket is made up of several stores, with several given addresses. I see that my basket is made up of categories of items : Cereals; Breads; Dairy products; Fruit; Eggs; Meat; Meats; Fish; Fish; Vegetables; Vegetables; Oils; Pulses,nuts,seeds; Sweets; Alcoholic beverages; N lcoholic beverages; I notice that I break down my basket by a nutritional view macro : Carbohydrates; Protein; Fats. I see that the view macronutrient groups together categories of items: Carbohydrates : Breads, cereals, fruit, vegetables and sweet products; Proteins : Meat, fish, vegetables, eggs, nuts and dairy products; Lipids :  Across oils, fish, seeds, nuts, wholegrain cereals, fruit and dairy products. I can see that item prices change over time within a given chain for a given address. I can see that prices are fairly regular over a given period of time, depending on the category of the item: Vegetables, fruit: 3 months; Cereals: 6 months; Meat: 1 year. I've also noticed that ho elivered or dri hrough shopping can be cheaper, but requires a minimum purchase, which isn't always justified. I find that buying fresh seasonal produce is generally cheaper on : vegetables; fruit. I've found that buying meat from a butcher gives you better quality for the same price. Sometimes not. The price is too high for equivalent quality. I find that I take less than half an hour to organize my shopping schedule for at least 1 week, or even 2 weeks. I find that I look at my cupboard and fridge to know what to buy. I find that the items I buy are predictable in terms of how long they will last. For example, oatmeal, chocolate and rice keep well and I consume them in fixed quantities, which makes them easier to plan. I find that it takes me about an hour to do a "run". This includes the time it takes to get there and back, plus the time it takes to make a purchase in the store (shelf & waiting time in a queue). I see that the minimum journey time is 10 min. I see that the maximum travel time is 30 min. I see that the minimum purchase time is 15min. I find that the maximum purchase time is 30min. I find that it takes me about half a day to prepare all my meals for a week. I find that there is a minimum time regardless of the number of meals prepared. I can see that there is an additional time limit above a certain number of meals. I've found that I can parralelize the cooking time for certain meals, thanks to the hob's four burners. I find that during this cooking time I can prepare vegetables and meat for the same number of meals. Example 4 pans of rice = 4 pans of vegetables being prepared + 4 pans of meat being prepared. I notice that my diet evolves over time. This implies an increase/decrease in the quantities/items consumed. I can see that more items can be transported by bicycle. I find that I can transport around 20Kg per trip. I find that eggs must be placed at the top of the bag or in their own bag to avoid damage.